lib/protoparser: adds opentelemetry parser (#2570)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: README.md

VictoriaMetrics also may scrape Prometheus targets - see [these docs](#how-to-scrape-prometheus-exporters-such-as-node-exporter).

## Sending data via opentelemetry http

>  VictoriaMetrics supports data ingestion with [opentelemetry protocol](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/metrics/datamodel.md#opentelemetry-protocol-data-model) with `protobuf` and `json` encoding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 VictoriaMetrics supports data ingestion via [opentelemetry protocol](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/metrics/datamodel.md#opentelemetry-protocol-data-model) with `protobuf` and `json` encoding
```

>  via `/opentemetry/api/v1/push` path. For example, following command ingest single gauge metric:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 via `/opentemetry/api/v1/push` path. For example, following command ingests a single gauge metric:
```

```bash
curl -XPOST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' localhost:8428/opentelemetry/api/v1/push -g -d '{"resourceMetrics":[{"resource":{"attributes":[{"key":"job", "value":{"stringValue":"vm"}}]}, "scopeMetrics":[{"metrics":[{"name":"my-gauge", "gauge":{"dataPoints":[{"attributes":[{"key":"label1", "value":{"stringValue":"value1"}}], "timeUnixNano":"15000000000", "asInt":"15"}]}}]}]}]}'
```

>  By default, VictoriaMetrics decodes response with `protobuf` decoder, pass http header `Content-Type: application/json` for json encoded request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 By default, VictoriaMetrics expects `protobuf`-encoded requests. For sending `json`-encoded requests set HTTP header `Content-Type: application/json`.
```

>  VictoriaMetrics accepts data with gzip compression, pass http header `Content-Encoding: gzip` for compressed data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 VictoriaMetrics accepts data with gzip compression, set HTTP header `Content-Encoding: gzip` for compressed data.
```
